## AI Generated Blue Ocean Strategies

>In the statement of [Occkam's Razor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam%27s_razor#Later_formulations), a theory with fewer assumptions is thought of as being a better one, among competing theories for an observed phenomenon. However, such an idea for evaluating theories or hypotheses, says nothing about the quality of those so-called "fewer assumptions." A theory with few, but far-fetched or bigoted assumptions, would still be a worse off theory than one with a greater number of plausible and fair assumptions.  
>
>So, how does one truly assess which assumptions are plausible versus far-fetched, and fair versus bigoted? 
>
>Thoroughly explicating all assumptions of a theory, without omitting the implicit assumptions embedded within them, particularly due to a lack of mindfulness, is in itself an art. 

<br>

Indeed, the United States Department of Homeland Security (US-DHS), could not have solely laid down judicial authority for investigating materials or questions pertaining to me or my work, and would have had to yield that chore to Interpol. So, by now, perhaps, the Interpol would have conducted surveillance upon me, or might still be conducting its operations, to collect data about how persons like myself were, or are, employed by state-sponsored North American organizations to build Artificial Intelligence (AI) based systems and technologies. Those types of constructed and deployed AI can in fact, analytically suggest novel "Blue Ocean Strategies", which can in turn be incorporated into business, industrial, or military operations. Those Blue Ocean Strategies can, and have been utilized by those Western organizations, to circumvent American as well as international rules, statutes, and established legal customs and conventions. 

AI-generated Blue Ocean Strategies have been, and are still being used by managers and leaders of various institutes and organizations in North America, the UK, and in Western Europe, especially in the context of "International Full-Spectrum Warfare", so that those leaders and managers can openly continue to operate within the "gray area" of legality and ethics. Universities, schools, collages, academies, think tanks, and private financial donor groups, belonging to those countries, play a vital role in incubating research and development (R&D) labs that cleverly produce and promote, those types of nefarious and unethical uses of AI. 

Sixteen years ago, I had protested against my supervisors and employers, when I had come to realize that I was being abused by American state-sponsored agencies for building harmful AI. In the year November-2008, I had also come learn that my work outputs along with my creative labors had been misappropriated by them via the University of Iowa in the USA, without my knowledge and consent, for illegally utilizing those stolen intellectual properties in operations led by American forces, for orchestrating mass-killings of unarmed innocent civilians within Asia and Africa using AI-enabled drones and combat systems. The immediate consequences of my objections and protests on moral grounds to protect my intellectual properties, from being misappropriated and utilized in war crimes, was that of me getting fired as a researcher from the University of Iowa, and then getting blackballed and tortuously suppressed by certain individuals and organizations.[^1] 

So, I can now reveal to you that, an AI-enabled system that is trained on examples given to it in the formats of digitized text, or audio-video and electromechanical signals, isn't capable of innovating new "ambush strategies" because there hasn't been a way to create AI training data, for what counts as [an ambush.](https://github.com/callthis/status-quo/blob/main/imgs/infinitely_blooming_fire_maze.png)[^2] However, the process of generating such strategies and tactics for which training data simply does not exist, can still be taught to an AI, by using ontological methods.  

The scientific framework known as [Abstraction Hierarchy](https://github.com/my-realm/oc/blob/master/doc/ah.md) is the starting point in building an AI based technological assistant that can generate strategies and tactics using ontological methods, to evade *existing and foreseeable* laws as well as law enforcement procedures, to make the operations and activities of various private and state-sponsored groups appear legitimate and legal. This is especially done by the users of those AI systems, by shoring up indemnities, disclaimers, or plausible deniability. Therefore, the very same scientific framework can also be utilized in catching as well as preventing, crimes and violations being orchestrated by members of seemingly august institutes and corporations. 

Organizations that own or operate, commercial and military grade AI, with which they repeatedly generate new methods for building and promoting "Blue Sky Projects" using their so-called Blue-Ocean Strategies, continuously exploit the shortfalls within a country's available resources to curtail criminal behaviors of individuals and corporations. By definition and by design, Blue Ocean Strategies also exploit the existing statutory limitations of a geopolitical region's judicial and law enforcement agencies. 

The existing shortfalls, bad managerial habits among government agencies, and various types of loopholes within judicial systems, have continued to prevent conscientious regulators and systems administrators from being able to properly investigate and prosecute organized crimes, especially across international borders. Such systemic and cultural factors have allowed perpetrators to get away with their willful violations year-over-year, for decades. Indeed, this is a particularly challenging issue within the context of international laws and treaties, because organized crimes orchestrated by state-sponsored entities belonging to, or operating within, countries in North America, Europe, and the UK, tend to degrade and corrode the public wealth and image of their own countries. 

Such systemic faults in government controls and regulations of impacted countries, exacerbated by certain lobbyists and special interest groups, have provided numerous opportunities for private as well as state-sponsored wrongdoers to conveniently utilize commercial and military grade AI, for profiteering and committing other types of offences, as well as for illegitimately amassing political clout via social engineering, at the expense of public welfare, public safety, and public security. 

Those wrongdoers know all too well that, any fines or penalties eventually levied onto their corporate entities, if any, for committing offenses against the public through Blue Sky Projects, by court systems such as the US Department of Justice (US-DOJ), the United Nations' International Court of Justice (UN-ICJ), or the European Union's European Court of Justice (EU-ECJ), will at worst, only amount to a fraction of the loot they will otherwise rake in, via their willful violations of public trust.   

<br>

[^1]: Do you need substantiations for such statements about abuses people like me have suffered in the USA? Here you go - https://github.com/true-hindsight/long-overdue-justice#long-overdue-justice 

[^2]: to ambush = to taunt someone and trap them (घात लगाना = किसी को ललकारना और फँसाना)