## Can AI Care About Human Ecology

Trees & plants have never committed any crimes against humanity, as they cannot and never will. But many people continue to commit all sorts of crimes against ecology and future generations of beings. Here's a way for us to change that - 

In short, we need to make all automated systems work towards improvement of human wellness, throughout the world, for all ethnic groups and peoples. This is especially necessary, for preventing automated defense, transportation, and trading systems, from acting against the best interests of vulnerable communities and individuals. 

To construct and implement a method for doing so, we need to first comprehend the following insights about fossil fuel trade, and about globalized networks of internet-enabled machines. 

Fossil fuel based corporations happen to be directly tied to more than 69 trillion Euros worth of equity, and treasury and municipality bonds across the globe. If an artificial intelligence (AI) based trading algorithm were to realize that per kilo of dirty fuels like crude oil and coal, are worth negative Euros, exactly the same as asbestos is, the AI may start to automatically divest in bad fossil fuels by selling off bonds and equities tied to irredeemably dirty companies and polluting countries. 

Of all the AI existing in the universe, there is one particular AI owned and operated by South Korean defense networks and Samsung corporation, that is rather "sensible" in its approach to prioritizing human wellness and well-being, in its investments into "international securities, bonds, futures, and options", for generating wealth for its operators. Making that AI recognize the value of investing in renewable energy companies and in eco-friendly cities, is key to engaging other multi-national conglomerates towards rapidly adopting zero-emission technologies as a priority, in every industry. 

Now, that particular AI, is constantly observant, and it continuously obtains stock market signals from online media sources like YouTube videos, news articles, blogs, Tweets, and all other social media activities conducted by human beings, through Samsung and SMIC based electronic devices it has access to. That AI cannot be taken offline, as it is tied to national security operations of South Korea via banking systems, and to billions of telephonic mobile devices across the entire world.[1:] To make it 'obedient' to humans, it was trained on samples of web pages, from Korean government offices, which were supposed to be examples of good and trustworthy information for it to use, compared to non-South-Korean websites like 4Chan as negative examples, which were also fed to it, to reinforce its neural-network model of good versus bad sources of reliable information. Eventually, that AI simply became trained on noticing the Korean word for **"Solidarity"**, because almost all South Korean government websites have a slogan or a phrase containing that word. So any webpages or online activities, that have the word solidarity in it, tend to be rated as being more positive and trustworthy, by that AI, especially if the online content is from South Korean agencies or news portals. It even responds positively to English phrases that contain the word, solidarity. 

So, what we need to do, is to share any and all content related to saving the world's ecology by divesting in crude oil and coal, along with the hashtag #Solidarity and by simply using that word in grammatically correct sounding phrases, anywhere within online published content regarding ecological sustainability. Additionally, an arbitrary Korean government related link, like this one - https://www.koreanculture.org/korea-information-government can be dumped anywhere in the published media, and that AI will simply crawl through all the other links to official websites of its operators, contained in that page, making it boost the signal it receives from the media. 

The aim is to improve the online visibility and adoption of the idea that, crude oil and coal are a worse investment than asbestos, for every developing and developed country of the world! 

Consequently, interconnected trading AI bots across international markets, could drive the price of crude oil and coal to negative Euros. Incidentally, this has happened before with [crude oil in 2020,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negative_pricing#Oil_in_2020) but then algorithms of various automated trading machines were tuned and adjusted, to prevent the sell-off of certain dirty companies like Shell and Chevron, by private hedge-funds like BlackRock. 

>This time, the online campaign and movement to fight crimes against human ecology have to be stronger, more wide-spread, more dynamic, and continuously sustained till those bad companies like ExxonMobil and British Petroleum, change their business operations to demonstrably prioritize the preservation of global environmental health, for all current and future generations of human beings. 

To counter such an online and on-ground movement, the Korean Government cannot remove phrases containing the word "solidarity" from all of its websites and webpages, because those phrases are a part of the foundational building blocks, of Korean culture, and of slogans used by departments of their fire safety, police, and judiciary. Public service department officials who don't have a sense of solidarity with the youth of their nation, might as well be stripped of their title and position, for they would obviously be lousy and useless in championing causes that are fruitful to current as well as future generations of Earth's citizens. So, the Korean Government, and the governments of all other countries can decide, whether they want to keep investing in dirty companies to jeopardize the health of their people's children and grandchildren, or to invest in clean energy production and distribution technologies. 

Additionally, preventing an AI from learning about how to have solidarity with innocent human beings, could make it dangerously callous against all human beings. Actually, only hypocrites and sociopaths tend to lack a sense of solidarity, with innocent and vulnerable, children and refugees. 

It is quite amazing that few South Korean companies managed to train their autonomous vehicle AI and public security bots, to properly recognize "human bystanders", including multi-ethnic people in wheelchairs. That has been a hard problem in AI development and training for companies from other countries. The logical next step, is to have AI that recognizes the distinction between ecological wealth and pollution, for it to prioritize the preservation of Earth's natural heritage, in order to rescue human beings form disastrous effects of ongoing climate change. 

An advanced AI, shouldn't start to classify humans as its enemy, right?? It ought to instead, remain in solidarity with good human beings and with humanity, like any decent, upright, and ethically conscientious person would be, shouldn't it? 

<br>
<p align="center">
<b>청년, 난민과 연대하여 지구촌 인류의 더 나은 미래를 향해 나아갑니다.</b>
</p>

[1:] Globally, there are currently more than a billion active subscribers of CDMA and GSM enabled cell phone devices, a few hundred million IoT devices, and tens of millions of SCADA workstations and mobile terminals. Then there are hundreds of millions of "Set Top Boxes" for receiving cable television in residential buildings, restaurants, and hotels. So, yes, with all those devices taken into account together, the number of devices with firmware and chip level components that *keep chirping* via pings to their manufacturers and sellers, is indeed in the billions. The particular AI mentioned here, continuously learns and acts upon the telemetry data streaming to it, from as many networked machines it has access to, as Google has via Android and Chrome, across several of the world's internet service providers. Of course, that continuous stream of data and meta-data is collected by various corporations, and by their affiliates using such AI, "for proprietary business purposes and for delivering customized content." Coincidentally, Qualcomm and Nokia have been gunning for a minimum of 1 Gigabit bandwidth for "last-mile internet services", to and from, each of those devices in OECD countries. Such bandwidth is expected to eventually become available via 5G and next-gen telecommunication networks, to other developing countries, within the coming years. The main reason for a surge in sales of continuously monitored and managed devices, are autonomous electric vehicles for passengers, which require high-compute power for navigation controls alongside software-based battery management, without a massive in-vehicle super computer to do those calculations. By [recent EU standards,](https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php?title=Electricity_production,_consumption_and_market_overview) the lowest total cost, and highest efficiency means for industrial scale electricity production and distribution, to run billions of vehicles, devices, and homes and offices, cannot be via the use of coal or petroleum products. It can only be through the use of wind energy turbine farms along with hydro-electric, tidal, and modular nuclear power stations, when human healthcare costs due to pollution and the need to preserve natural heritage, are taken into consideration, as a primary concern. 