## Centrality of a situation

Regardless of the central issue within a situation, the forceful habit of colonial or imperial minded leaders like Donald Trump, to turn all possible situations brought to their attention, into an issue about needing to pay appropriate forms of homage and "respect" to them, is one of the main reasons for why issues like racism, cross-border crimes, climate change, or payment of reparations for state-sponsored violations against profiled people, never gets properly redressed.  

So what needs to be done about those feckless and corrupt leaders, who keep instigating ways to usurp government authority by stoking insurrections? 

Well, one straightforward thing to do would be to not give them a ticket or a platform, for contesting in any election for a public office, regardless of the amount of money they can slosh around to buy friends in high places. The much more effective thing to do, would be to imprison those kinds of treasonous leaders, for any one of the multiple counts of felony charges already laid out against them in various judiciary courts. 

What about imperial overlords then? They don't have to contest in any kind of elections, what can be done about them? Those ones are much more difficult to deal with, because they have already positioned themselves above the courts and laws of their land. They turn all issues brought before them into a matter centered around themselves, and make all topics of discussion about firstly abiding by the etiquette that will please them. This is because any tiny thing that upsets their petulant demeanor, to cause them "displeasure", only results in various forms of retaliatory actions from them, and from their indoctrinated followers, against those who manage to somehow dent the fragile ego of an overlord. Stroking the ego of colonial and imperial rulers hasn't brought anything worthwhile to humanity at large, it has only brought about ways to create countless sweatshops in every industry, and has only increased pollution from fossil fuels. 

Insidious and nefarious people within the courts and government departments of colonial and imperial rulers, are all too eager and enthusiastic, to use their leader's name and approval as a means to conduct their dastardly deeds, and to then hide behind the "sovereign immunity" of their ruler. One must start with replacing those pawns with more suitably educated civil service workers and ministers of parliament, who can collectively reform their country's governance structures, to make those structures more accessible and useful to local residents, without the residents of the country needing to protest on the streets for availing simple amenities and basic human rights. Of course, that is easier said than done.   