# The World is Multi-Modal, Not Multi-Polar

This universe doesn't merely present simplistic dichotomies like good versus bad, or good versus evil. We happen to live within the geopolitics of a multi-modal world, not a multi-polar one, and certainly not a uni-polar realm, at least, not anymore. 

The current world that we live in, used to be categorized as a geopolitically uni-polar world, which is now warping into a bi-polar world because of China. The idea of a polarised geopolitical world, where anyone who does not fall inline with the views and decisions of Western powers is simply a villainous enemy of freedom and democracy, has been a highly injurious form of misinformation propagated by allied Western nations, since the nineteen-fifties. The concepts of polarity and valance of globalized human societies, do not take into account the nuances that come about, due to the heterogeneity within modalities of daily living. From an anthropological perspective, people's daily lives saccade between different behavioural modes, for needing to fulfil immediate, and long-term goals, as well as localized and geographically distant roles, based on ecologically relevant realities faced by an individual, and by their esteemed relationships. These modalities of life, extend to nation-states, that need to sustain their respective cultural and ecological well being, with due consideration to their unique socioeconomic, political, historical, geological, and geographical challenges. 

In contravention to ecological sustainability, the powers that came to be, after the nineteen-fifties, decided that it was their sole right and responsibility, as "superpowers", to dole out sanctions upon their erstwhile colonies, thereby maintaining their colonial rule and authority, via the disguise of needing to provide democracy to poor and shapeless countries, where indigenous and native peoples had suddenly attained a new sense of "freedom", from the yoke of imperial rulers. 

Parliaments of superpowers, and hereditary rulers, tend to forget that it is the natural ecology of a being, which provides sanctions in the form of approbations, and sanctions in the form of constraints, to guide the being on its developmental pathway within a geographic region, that is, a part of the physical world which is endowed with a particular physical climate and sociological history. These aspects of life naturally become much more complex, and nuanced, for multi-national, multi-ethnic, and cosmopolitan people. The lives of such multi-faceted people tend to be much more mobile and fluid, than those of rural, suburban, and urban populations, which usually have people with a homogenized family background, who prefer a routine daily lifestyle. 

However, our current stage of human evolution, requires us to adopt, and switch between increasingly complex sets of roles and behaviours, that need to be portrayed within the family home, at places of work, play, or education, and among other groups centred around online and on-ground interactions. Additionally, the ways in which such roles and behaviours morph dynamically, throughout modern people's daily lives, has only become more perplexing to believers of Edwardian, and Victorian world-views. According to those who have held onto Anglo-Saxon worldviews, the current era is particularly out of shape, and out of order, with respect to the "natural order of mankind" that is meant to always dominate and supersede, womankind, and "snowflakes" glued to their mobile phones.

With the advent of online and on-ground communities that a person can be affiliated to, the idea of maintaining "a simple, localised, and homogenised life", has become practically impossible, and perhaps even meaningless, for anybody born after the nineteen-seventies, in a country with telephone lines and privately run television channels. 
 
Consequently, the job of authority figures, and rulers, in tracking and moderating people's behaviours, also became a complicated orchestra, comprising of industrially specialised workers, and computerised technologies. 

Stately powers that consider themselves as law-givers, thus commissioned every conceivable technology to monitor and "guide", their quelled and subdued subjects, by their supremely powerful sense of globalization, and by their particular sense of rule of law and order. The only unfortunate thing is that those superpowers never evolved to a level of human decency, where their sense of order and pride, didn't come to intentionally designate large swaths of people across the globe, as being meant to be enslaved, or eradicated. And why is it that any groups of people are meant to be enslaved or eradicated? Wasn't that type of worldview and philosophy supposed to be a bad thing, that only Nazis were enthusiastic about? 

You see, Nazis, in their pursuit for creating a universally supreme German empire, under the rule of their "Ubermensch", were interested in swiftly getting rid of "undesirable people and lesser creatures, that were polluting the German gene-pool." The non-Nazi axis superpowers, that claimed to be victorious after World War II, decided that they needed to be more sober, patient, and tactful in getting rid of the misfits, and the undesirables, without creating any form of a public outcry, from their own, "woke", citizens and residents. And yes, the misfits relegated to become dwellers within landfills and gutters, as well as the undesirables, were labelled as such, merely for being culturally different in comparison to "the epitome of natural beauty and legitimacy." The God given righteousness, elegance and vastly superior qualities, which had so decisively helped the axis powers to conquer and win during World Wars I and II, could have "obviously" only come about because of the "proven" manifest destiny of North Atlantic Groups. Manifest destiny for what, you ask? A bold and beautiful, manifest, destiny, for being the supreme leaders of the world! 

What else is a supremacist supposed to do, other than to conquer the world and become its supreme leader?

After World War II, entire countries, certain ethnic groups, and numerous categories of people, came to be labelled by "The 'New' Lords and Supreme Leaders of The World", as filthy scumbags, malcontent ruffians, aggressive hooligans, characterless fiends, lazy bums, wretched tricksters, cunning thieves, conniving fraudsters, menacing extremists, vicious mercenaries, frenzied bandits, enemy fraternizers, barbaric vandals (vandalizing barbarians), uncultured savages, eccentric lunatics, impure (insane) vagrants, vagabonds, trespassers, depraved perverts, wicked sociopaths, buggering gays, fickle-minded dilettantes, infirm cowards, addicts, idiots, imbeciles, retards, deranged maniacs, insolent miscreants, delusional freaks, child murderers, recalcitrant shrews, prostitutes, licentious and loose women, gypsies, carny trash, heathens, heretics, untouchables, Slant-eyed Orientals, Indians, and Negroes. The simple objective of those lords and leaders in doing so, was to put down all such people whose racial and cultural outlook did not match their Euro-centric and Christianized vision, of an ideal person. According to them, the entire lot, of people who could not be choosers and could only be beggars, had to be dealt with, most strictly and firmly, with the overwhelming force of "justice." Therefore, it was made "legal" via common law, for patriarchal authority figures to exercise every manner of sadistic and inhumane form of cruelty and torture, to damage the lives and habitats of "people from lesser races with impure genes, and individuals with character flaws or personality defects." Apparently, all such "defective and disorderly people, especially the 'mentally ill or retarded' coloured ones, needed to be tamed and brought to heal, by a 'lawful' master as their guardian lord, and saviour." 

In particular, "disciplinary actions for establishing law and order", have continued to be implemented over the past decades using policing and military activities, with heavy armaments and "ubiquitous surveillance", to prevent social development of targeted groups of people. Those military tools, tactics, and strategies have never been used for any kind of social upliftment of the "poor, forlorn, unhappy, and unhealthy peoples", that those systems are directed at. Those systems, have continued to be used, strictly, for stunting the growth and development of local economies, of non-westernized communities and nations. 

During and after the nineteen-sixties: policing, para-military, and military campaigns funded by member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), continued to be specifically designed for causing systematic disturbances and disruptions, to lives of people in The Banana Republics, The Panama Region, The Balkans, Central Europe (former Yugoslavia), The Caucuses, Mediterranean islands along with its coastal areas, the entire African continent, the Asiatic Middle-East, Central Asia, The Kashmir Region, South-East Asia, and all Indo-Pacific Islands. Those militarized campaigns resulted in native inhabitants of targeted regions becoming robbed of peace, and of the equity contained within their cultural way of living, corporeal existence, and especially in their physical resources. Those disruptive and destructive activities then came to be, ever so slightly mitigated, or remedied by, missions and campaigns funded via the United Nations (UN). 

Have you ever wondered what kind of a socio-political and economic system is used by individual members of the UN, while they interact with each other within the physical premises of UN buildings? Is it democratic? Is it hegemonic? Communist or socialist in its outlook and design? No, it is just like a fish market. It's not like a jungle and not like some type of anarchy, it is, simply a market where somebody or the other is selling a treaty or a memo, to be bought and bought into, by yet another somebody or the other, using a treaty or a memo as a bargaining chip. 

By the end of the 20th Century CE, the countries that managed to ward off various types of invasive, as well as "remedial" campaigns of NATO and its allies, were countries like the United Arab Emirates (UAE), India, and China. These few countries didn't want to become like Germany, Japan, Turkey, Canada, Australia, or Kuwait — by offering large areas of their territorial lands to America's allies, for the purposes of establishing "protection giving" American military bases. UAE, India, and China eventually figured out other ways and means of "doing business" with the US, the European Union (EU), and the UK. 

Of course, then there is Russia. All countries have had to figure out ways of "doing business" with Russia.

And today, we are still doing business with "the popularly elected leaders" of countries like Russia, India, China, the US, the UK, the UAE, and the EU, because what else are we supposed to do? 

Who are we? We are just like any of you, merely somebody who used to be pioneers set out to explore the world, who now mend and maintain the streetlamps of its crowded cities, working even past the midnight hour, and who tend to become invisible among the crowds, after the brake of dawn. 