## Is Santa a Monarchist?

Who is supposed to be the final judge, or the ultimate person in-charge of a state if not a monarch, especially in matters concerning large-scale, national, and international disputes? 

The statutes. The statutes of a country are supposed to be the only necessary source and criteria, for arriving at worthwhile judgments and resolutions. 

What use is a country's education system if people brought up through it, cannot properly read, understand, and apply available statutes? It isn't required that every resident of the country be a jurist, however, it would most certainly be a much better world, if standards of literacy and educational resources available to ordinary people, genuinely supported each individual's path towards self-actualization and self-reliance. 

Furthermore, the activity of legislating new laws or amending existing ones, is supposed to be taken up by groups of people who are most likely to be impacted by the application of those laws, irrespective of those people being a minority or a majority in a public forum, because of the magnitude of the impact being suffered by those groups and individuals from any misapplication of statutory laws.  

Therefore, having monarchs or any other form of "supreme leaders" who are practically above the law, because of their indemnifications and immunity from being prosecuted, makes them an illegitimate candidate for understanding the value, and the meaning of experiencing the consequences of statutory laws being enacted upon them. Would [Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vallabhbhai_Patel) have disagreed with such a view? 

One could suggest that codes of conduct, unwritten protocols, and traditional customs upheld by members of a monarchy, happen to be "the law" enforced upon them, by their "peers." But those rules and regulations are more for the types of pageantry and exclusive ceremonial events that are attended mainly by celebrities, "high priests", diplomats, and bureaucrats; those private rules and regulations are not for the day-to-day business of leading an earnest life through physical labor in a shop, or a factory, or on a stage, or as a worker toiling in the field, or on a farm. Even people who work in offices, have a life that is drastically dissimilar to working from a palatial "home office" of a despot or a ruler. Common laws legislated by persons entirely disconnected from the lived experiences and challenges faced by ordinary "working class people", continue to do more harm than good, especially to individuals facing distressful ecological situations and to members of marginalized communities. 

>Therefore, if all you or anybody else ever needed was a celebrated authority figure, who could show up in the public for a few ceremonies like Santa Clause, then why not hire a person to wear the costume of a monarch for performing those ceremonies, when and where needed? 

Alas, it seems as though each existing monarch, is mainly concerned with preventing other kingdoms from "getting ahead" of their own, while making sure that serfdom and slavery is engendered among as many people as possible. It is already evident that the concept of kingdoms as city-states or nation-states, is entirely against the idea of improving a polity for the betterment of diverse groups of residents and citizens. The purpose of a kingdom, is ultimately to maintain the biological lineage of its monarchy, by treating every resident of the kingdom as a resource owned by the monarch, with a defined utility, based only on the desires of the monarch. 

Most people of this world, however, already have their own, unique destiny in life, which is vastly different than the vision a king or a queen might have for them. The idea that people can exist independently of every monarch, to live and travel freely throughout the Earth in peace, is simply unimaginable to monarchists and supremacists. Truly, is there anything other than plunderous succession wars and inheritance plans, that monarchists and supremacists are typically preoccupied with? 

It appears as if all of humanity is still languishing behind by centuries, from the era when people will not need the fictitious roles of a monarch or a Santa Claus, to emblematically represent a judge who rewards "the good", and punishes "the bad", using "majestic and magical powers." 

However, in all seriousness, imagine a monarchy where the ruling monarch considers each subject of their kingdom, irrespective of the subject's gender or religious creed, as the rightful heir to "the throne"; and subsequently, each subject is given every opportunity and facility, to ascend to the highest office, based on their capabilities, without having their equities being robbed, and misappropriated, via deceitful or thuggish ways for enriching the kingdom's minsters and its ruling family. Wouldn't that type of a monarchy, simply become a democratic republic? 

Indeed, why should a set of individuals tasked with the fiduciary chores of managing a socio-economic and political structure, not have vested interests in making sure that all those who are subject to the available, uniform legal frameworks within a jurisdiction, be given the same basic rights and liberties, by virtue of their existence in the universe as mere human beings? If any such natural persons were to have additional rights, liberties, and privileges, wouldn't those things be strictly due to an ecologically verifiable reason? 

So, to justify somebody's role in society, should reasons pertaining to hereditary inheritance of socio-political titles, via some type of a class or a cast-system derived from a bygone era, be prioritized, compared to reasons pertaining to modern day education, health, expertise, and skill based competence of a person? 