## Is There A Legitimate Monarch on Earth

>Only The All Mighty God can debase a creation as The Debaser (al-Khāfiḍ ٱلْخَافِضُ), or exalt a creation as The Exalter (ar-Rāfiʿ ٱلْرَّافِعُ). 
>
>Persons like myself are merely a component of an early warning system. 

Suppose, King Charles were to go stand in any part of Gaza and operate a food aid program, in-person, for the Palestinian people, out of genuine care and consideration for their humanity and human rights. Certainly, if he had true majesty, he would have been able to stand in Gaza by himself, without needing an entourage, a bullet proof vest, a helmet, or armaments to ward of attacks from the Israeli Defense Force. Benjamin Netanyahu wouldn't dare launch missiles or bombs at any location where an actual king would happen to be, would he? 

Well, the fact is that even though King Charles repeatedly says utterly pretentious and conceited things like, "I am the defender of all creeds and religions", the reality is that he and the British royals have never done anything genuine to protect poor and innocent children like the ones being murdered in Gaza. The British as well as the American governments have decided that all civilians within Gaza and West Bank, who have Palestinian heritage, are acceptable collateral damage in a war against Hamaas. Of course, the spokespersons and leaders of Hamas are relaxing in Qatar, and not a single bullet or a bomb is actually going to land anywhere near them.   

So, innocent Palestinians are simply going to get massacred, women and children included, and their lands are going to get stolen and occupied by Israel. Those victims would be so lucky as to simply get hit by a missile and be killed swiftly, but the Israeli leadership has decided to conduct a sadistic war of attrition and violence by weaponizing access to shelter, sanitation, food, and water, against all Palestinians. The poor people in Gaza are going to be put through the horrors that Lord Kitchener had innovated; the whole of Gaza has already been turned into a concentration camp by Israeli troops. 

Whenever political and business leaders of the western world are asked whether they feel any shred of sympathy for innocent children being brutally murdered in Gaza by Israeli troops, especially persons like Justin Trudeau, they answer with a trite and hackneyed copout such as, "Israel has a right to defend itself against Islamist terror groups like Hamaas and Hesbullah." However, starving and dying children in Gaza are neither members of Hamaas nor Hebullah. Those starving people suffering from famine and homelessness in a war-torn region, are not "human shields" of groups like Hamaas, nor are they a member of any other political or a tribal faction in the Middle East. They are simply, innocent bystanders. 

It can be observed that there are currently a large number of people on Earth, who call themselves monarchs, and yet, not a single one of them would dare to take a flight and stand in Gaza in support of helpless Palestinians who are being brutally subjugated through mass murders, sexual violence, famine, and enforced poverty and deprivation. Each one of those noble monarchs, apparently, has the 'wisdom and foresight' to not stand in opposition to the menacing fiendishness of Israeli government forces that are rampaging through Gaza. 

Whatever might have been the pretext or reasons for Israeli forces and government officials to launch a war on Palestinian territories, those reasons and presumed pretexts <ins>can never be allowed</ins> to be used as an excuse, to orchestrate murders of aid workers and civilians in Gaza, under the cover of war. The Israelis have belligerently crossed a red line, and they will have to face the necessary consequences. 

One may wonder, if the world's monarchs would be surprised to learn that men, women, and children of their respective nations and countries have also become classified as, "acceptable casualties of war and collateral damage", similar to the way those monarchs, because of their interpersonal rivalries, allowed children in the Middle East to become casualties of war, and collateral damage. 