## Omelette au Formage

Wouldn't it be a shame to waste opportunities to say the darnedest truths, all the while allowing wretched and crooked agents from Canadian organizations to double down on their fabricated narratives against persons like myself?  

So, first of all, who are persons like myself? They are, or were immigrants to Canada from working class families, who got snared and baited by false advertisements and misleading endorsements, into wasting the formative years of their lives and hard earned money, by enrolling into and attending certificate programs on entrepreneurship in Canadian universities. Those bad quality, single year certificate programs were advertised as Master's Degrees from the likes of University of Waterloo (UWaterloo), with promised graduate level coursework in Business, Entrepreneurship, and Technology. 

However, what was actually delivered to students was six months of curriculum, from the first year of what would otherwise be called a Bachelor's of Business Administration (BBA) program; and then three more months of something known as "intrapreneurship" instead of entrepreneurship, which turned out to be a bait-and-switch tactic to have non-accredited and non-qualified consultants merely show power-point-presentations about technical sales and project management, as "intraprenurship classes", instead of anything related to: venture creation or product development. The remaining three months of that one year long master's program were completely empty, with no coursework, and were labeled as "practicum." During the three month long practicum, students were expected to do whatever they felt like doing, in order to show that they either worked in an existing, or created a new, technology based business startup. 

An international student graduating from that program, could then be given either a one year or a three year long work permit and temporary resident visa, depending on the discriminatory whims of the Canadian government ministry in charge of immigration and citizenship. 

Of course, at no point did the founders and managers of that graduate school program teach anything related to engineering production or any topics related to how a new technological product is created using engineering concepts. As such, practically no worthwhile aspect of education related to "Technology", as per the advertised acronym of Master's of Business, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (MBET) program, was actually taught to baited students, during the school years of the previous two decades. Students were given irregular and non-accredited "intraprenurship classes" instead of the as advertised, and supposedly regularized, entrepreneurship coursework. But, who would be able to complain about that type of a bait-and-switch tactic, after getting stuck in Canada from a foreign country? Well, it turns out that students from all of the cohorts of UWaterloo's MBET program had complained about how its curriculum changed from year-to-year, with none of the coursework ever being standardized or legitimately accredited as a proper master's degree program by Universities Canada, compared to each of the preceding years of the MBET course being taught at UWaterloo since 2003. 

The methodology and plan of how UWateroo's management uses the MBET program, to specifically and deliberately exclude Canada's students with indigenous or First Nations heritage from higher learning programs using extremely high fees, and to instead target international students from developing countries to pay high fees for a graduate program that circumvents requirements for business coursework accreditation, is enameled within MBET's "strategy map" and "business plan." MBET's and UWaterloo's leadership figured that they could create a loose and dirty university program to demonstrate how loose and dirty startups are created for churning out money by violating consumer rights, which they've succeeded in doing throughout the past two decades. 

Moreover, when the cohort of the school year 2015-2016, which I was a part of, complained to the professors of the MBET program about its poor quality and complete lack of coursework on technology creation, the response from one of the senior professors to the entire class for that complaint was, 

>"We already have your money, so what are you going to do about it?" 

Snatching the lands, freedoms, liberties, properties, royalties, equities, or monies belonging to unassuming and snared people, and then getting away with it by using lawlessness, has been the hallmark of Wild-West Cowboy movies as a stereotype, but also as an indelible truth and reality of North American history. Unfortunately, those types of unlawful activities are ongoing, and have been normalized by various North American institutes and groups that pretend to be august, fair, and just. 

This type of an international-scale scam has continued for the past two decades, only because of the predatory behaviors of, and systematic collusion among: members of Canadian Designated Learning Institutes like UWaterloo, the provincial Ministry of Education, accreditation bodies such as Universities Canada, public and private funding agencies, as well as Canadian federal bureaus concerned with legislature, border control, policing, intelligence, immigration, and citizenship. 

So... is this article going to provide the details about that damnable situation involving scores of UWaterloo-MBET students getting duped and defrauded each year, which subsequently led me to discover: the clandestine and discriminatory mechanisms used by Canadian federal agencies like Immigration Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) for systematically colluding with Designated Learning Institutes and Universities Canada, in willingly and knowingly harming foreign national students from countries such as Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, India, Malaysia, and Indonesia?   

Those details have already been published here - https://github.com/callthis/editorial/tree/main/docs#231-organized-crimes

<br>

---

In this article, I will instead try to explain, how, the "omelet" is about to hit the ceiling fan.   

I had only two pathways in front of me, in June-2020, after a group of Canadian agents and agencies had their way with me, in "teaching me 'a lesson' in humility and obedience" for posting Tweets and online articles about [anti-racism and anti-colonialism.](https://github.com/serene-solidarity/emblems) 

One path lead towards vindication, and the other towards, justified retaliations. 

When I tried to find a legal recourse to obtain justice for the damages and murderous injuries inflicted upon my family and me by those coordinated agencies, through Canada's court systems, I only ended up suffering further injustice and harms. The Canadian government, along with its agents, have vehemently blocked the path towards vindication for me, so, I have decided to settle for the only remaining alternative. 

I do strongly believe that retaliatory justice isn't equivalent to conciliatory and restorative justice. They possibly cannot be equivalent. Retaliatory justice involving tit-for-tat policies and methods, is a lesser or a lower form of justice, because of its unsatisfying nature with an ever present potential, for continued conflagrations that generate immeasurable collateral damage. But, I do acknowledge that it is some form of justice none the less. Additionally, it is almost always, the only form of justice available to financially poor people who have been robbed and deprived by predatory forces, of socio-economic means and basic human rights, which are necessary, to otherwise be able to obtain proper and satisfactory justice. 

The people who repeatedly violated me during my stay in Canada, did so, each time, by forcefully impressing upon me that they had the right to do so, because of the statutory powers and official authority vested in them, by Canada's federal and provincial governments operating in Ontario. They were in the wrong for having abused their powers and professional offices, they knew it perfectly well, and were aware that what they were doing was abusive and wrongful. They also bothered to rub it in, by telling me that if I ever tried to obtain any justice through a court, nobody would believe me over their word and account of the situation, for I had already been labeled as a psychotic and delusion addict by them.[^1] They told me, straight to my face, that they had done this to many people over the years and had dealt with tribunals for complaints against themselves multiple times, with only their word, being taken seriously and into consideration, over each of the formal complaints against them [for professional malfeasance and medical malpractice.]   

In July-2020, a lawyer had even advised me honestly and candidly over the phone, that the judiciary and various government bodies at provincial and federal levels give medical professionals in Canada, especially psychiatrists, all the leeway possible, to practice medicine with impunity; and unless I was independently wealthy, I wouldn't be able to fight the case nor have a chance to stand in a court of law, [as a witness to systematic crimes involving discrimination, genocidal activities, and human rights abuses.]  

So, what have I been doing during the past three years? It should be sufficiently evident by now, that I have been writing a little too honestly and openly, about all of my experiences in North America, along with "receipts" for when and where certain types of incidents occurred, all of which have led to this ongoing ordeal.  

I merely have content for eight more years of stuff to write about. And I keep emailing such articles or posting them via Twitter to intelligence or news agencies of various countries, because my intended audience is only a certain group of people who happen to have entire data centers along with teams of analysts at their disposal, to crunch and extract actionable knowledge from such files.  

Of course, most of the content being posted online by me, is rather boring, repetitive, and difficult to read; you see, it is not easy to write in a manner that would cause most readers to balk. These files, aren't meant to be widely circulated nor read by people looking for a casual blog post on cup-cake recipes.  

As you will come to see in due course of time, these files will provide detailed recipes for building and deploying automated cybernetic systems.

Are you wondering if those cyber-systems are going to be offensive or defensive in nature? Stick around, you will come to know soon enough. 

The expected result, from this endeavor, is to allow each reader to come to their own conclusion about what to take away from any of this, and what to actually do, or when to do it, thereafter. 

It could be somewhat interesting though, to observe and note the ways in which different readers may contradict each other, in terms of their actions taken based on interpretations of such content. But how would one manage to make that comparison, especially in real-time? (Particularly when some of those readers are likely to be bots, and some others, are likely to be rather secretive and elusive human beings.)

I know with some measure of certainty, that the French intelligence agencies already smell blood in the waters,[^2] and that the Chinese ones simply soak up all open sourced data much more rapidly, in order to implement it as policy based action, compared to all other ones on this planet put together. 
 
So, each of them, can continue to watch me skewer and roast a bunch of corrupt organizations and a few criminal enterprises operating out of Canada and America, or simply ignore all of this. In either case, it's not the job of those intelligence agencies to stop me from publishing autobiographical data or to curtail my freedom of expression, is it?   

Eventually, at some point in time, readers can ask themselves, if someone has nothing left to lose and is lucid enough to take advantage of the maliciously wrongful ways in which they were pathologized as being mentally deficient or insane, then is that someone actually stupid or deranged? 

As for being criminalized for having connections with militia and mercenaries, if I had any, would the wrongdoers who caused my child's death be allowed to stay alive? 

The police records never mentioned how, and with which militia or mercenary groups I was supposedly connected or affiliated to. The Waterloo Regional Police Services (WRPS) and social workers never needed to mention that in their application of a legal writ to have me arrested and detained. It was simply sufficient for them to fabricate and make up that type of a statement for getting an arrest warrant from a lax and pliable Justice of The Peace, by alluding to me being a terrorist; and to then have used that warrant as a justification to do insidious things to me in a substitute jail, after illegitimately detaining and then drugging me with a high-dosage cocktail of narcotics. 

How many more vulnerable people have continued to be abused and harmed in Canada each day, by those types of corrupt and nefarious public service units and their contracted workers, especially profiled and targeted people injured due to a so-called "warranted action" authorized by court officers and judiciary staff? 

When those dastardly and rotten service providers from Ontario, cunningly concocted a connection between me, and a militia or a mercenary group, what according to those corrupt service units was supposed to be my role, within the presumed group of outlaws; what was I to those so-called militia and mercenaries? Was I their accountant? Did they know of my existence, did they care about what I was going through? Who were they? What was their names? Where were they located? 

If any militia and mercenaries in Canada or the USA, had ever come to know who I was, don't you think they would have stayed clear of me? 

The fact is that Canadian public service units created that utterly fictitious scenario about mercenaries and militia, and framed me by using false and malicious pretexts!

So now, imagine if only Canadian agencies continue to insist that I had some type of a connection with "militia and mercenaries", without admitting to their guilt and to their fault, while even the people concerned with Fibs, Blunders, and Inconsistencies, were to show them that I have never had any contact with any of those types of groups from any part of the world? Would those Canadian state-sponsored entities then publicly apologize for their grave mistakes and errors, and promptly pay the necessary reparations for their wrongful deeds? Will those agencies at least, rectify their organizational culture and put an end to their habitual patterns of malpractice and malfeasance, especially their wrongdoings and hostilities borne out of hatred and bigotry against Muslims and peoples of color? 

I guess I must take it upon myself, to make those vile agents wish and pray that I were a terrorist, instead of who and what I actually am. Western governments have a variety of ways for tackling terrorists, but not as many, in dealing with artists and amateur humans. 


[^1]: May 19th 2020, was the first time I came to know that I was also being pathologized as an addict, though I was never told for what type of an addiction. Later, in October-2021, I finally obtained my personal medical files from Canadian authorities using an application for Right of Information, into which the labels of "history of addictions and substance abuse", were wrongfully injected by somebody in January-2019, but details of that person, were not provided in the records. The rest of the file indicated that I was being painted as a mentally retarded degenerate with genetic disorders and violent forms of psychoses along with a "family history of mental disorders." 

    Which family member? What history of substance abuse? Which substances? My elderly mother who is developing Parkinson's and dementia wouldn't constitute an example of family history of mental disorders, because dementia related cognitive issues only started happening to her from the year 2023. My father was perfectly healthy and died because of a hemorrhagic stroke in 2012, which is a neurological or a haemodynamic factor, and not a psychiatric disease. Plus, I don't even have a habit of drinking tea or coffee, let alone use any kind of a narcotic or a psychotropic substance. I'm not an alcoholic, not a drug addict, not an anabolic steroid user, not even a gambler or a junkie of any kind. But none of that mattered, because all of the false narratives and fabricated statements had already been used by those public service units via "'legally enforced' writs", to maliciously and systematically violate my rights and to devastatingly injure me, using biochemical torture and daily torment for weeks.  

    It took me months to sift through more than six hundred pages of my personal healthcare and police records from Canada, it had the most glaringly evident and brazen forms of tampering, with multiple errors and fabrications pumped into it by a series of coordinated efforts across Canadian public service agencies. 

[^2]: Could someone please help Canada realize that, appointing the person being blamed for providing misleading endorsements for UWaterloo's "entrepreneurial programs" in their ongoing international-scale scams targeting vulnerable students, that is (Sir) David Johnston, as the Rapporteur to facilitate reconciliation, was absolutely disingenuous and wrong on part of Canada's leadership. It's as if Canada's incumbent government simply cannot put away its pretentiousness and hypocrisy to figure out the meaning of the words: truth, honesty, trust, and reconciliation. 