## Protecting India from Becoming a Casualty of American Wars

International cyber-attacks a per the American "Doctrine of Full-Spectrum Warfare" that involved pump-and-dump schemes against Indian National Stock Exchange (NSE), targeted the share value of stocks of companies such as Maruti Suzuki Ltd [(MARUTI)](https://www.google.com/finance/quote/MARUTI:NSE?window=YTD). Those attacks caused the Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) in the NSE which had components of those plummeting stocks to also take a hit. The main effect of such cyber-attacks have been to reduce and stall the ability of a company like MARUTI to raise money for building new assembly lines in "Next-Gen" factories for electric vehicles. India, is thus going to remain 10 to 15 years behind other countries like China, South Korea, Japan, the US, the UK and western Europe, in switching away from polluting and inefficient internal combustion engines that rely on petrol or diesel. 

The ongoing cyber-attacks have been dependent on human behavior of Indian stock traders who purchase "favorite" brands after Diwali, even if those stocks keep loosing money due to divestment from international investors. Other Public Sector Units (PSUs) which are favorite brands among Indian traders include NTPC Ltd [(NTPC)](https://www.google.com/finance/quote/NTPC:NSE?window=YTD) and BHEL Ltd [(BHEL)](https://www.google.com/finance/quote/BHEL:NSE?window=YTD). These PSUs are also being divested in, by international traders and investors, because they are technologically tied to increasingly expensive petrochemical imports of India. 

It just so happens that India's ability to import refined petrochemical products from OPEC+ countries (See, [1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPEC#2022:_Oil_production_cut) & [2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPEC#OPEC+)) at affordable pricing is dependent on adopting an explicit geopolitical alliance that is subservient to the US and the UK, while being staunchly hostile against Russia and China. Since India is neither wholeheartedly hostile and antagonistic against Russia and China, nor fully submissive and subservient to the US and the UK, the ability of the Indian government to purchase refined petrochemical products and crude oil, to fuel the Indian economy, remains unstable. Becoming hostile to any of the OPEC+ countries or more submissive to either the US or the UK, would be a tragic mistake as it would only make India's situation in the global markets worse, because by no means do any of the NATO countries have any amount of fossil fuels or natural resources to spare in the coming years, for supporting the growth of countries like India. However, Russia and China simply do have ample resources to sell to South American, African, South Asian, and East Asian countries at discounted prices, now that Europe isn't buying at bulk from Russia and American trade-wars with China have escalated. 

>**The perpetual, Full-Spectrum War being waged by the USA against China has already caused countries like Mexico to become the first set of casualties and collateral damage. India is likely to be in the next set of casualties of war if it does not make a decisive move to secure its industrial energy needs, by boosting its nuclear energy sector.** 

However, the worse news for Indian PSUs is the fact that millions of essential workers and retirees from each PSU are being cheated and defrauded by Indian Government's program called Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS). Now, every ETF with a component tied to the public fund called CGHS in India, is going to keep declining in value because of divestment from international investors, until the foundational faults of CGHS that violate the rights of "international insurance companies and underwriters" gets properly rectified.    