## The Burden of Being a Witness to Serious Crimes

A witness is a living proof of an incident, and the process of snuffing out the life, or of assassinating the character of a witness, is usually expensive, gradual, and laborious. So, leave it to certain lawyers and court officers, in jurisdictions such as Ontario, Canada, to practice subtle forms of throwing shade, and casting doubt on a witness's account, along with technical trickery to do treacherous dirty deeds, to protect offenders, practically for free. 

It is all too common that, when certain agents, guilty parties, and their legal counselors feel stressed out, because of presented evidence, they automatically resort to diminishing the value of the given evidence by trying to dismiss it, or by casting doubt upon it, as an automatic form of a self-soothing behavior. The most frequent of such self-soothing behaviors is to claim that a given piece of evidence, or witness testimony, is "an exaggeration." 

The more distressed they become, the more heavily they try to belittle the credibility of a witness, or of a report. In some cases, they even attempt to paint factual data and eye witness accounts as a piece of fantasy, or as complete fiction. They too often, attempt to malign and assassinate the character of a witness or of a surviving victim who has come forward, by gas-lighting the witness. They repeatedly and arrogantly add insult to the injury suffered by victims and survivors, because what else are they getting paid to do as public service units or as private contractors? 

When an opposing team claims that something presented to them is an exaggeration, instead of demonstrating that thing to be an outright lie or a falsehood, simply ask individuals in that opposing team, "In what way is the given evidence being 'perceived' by their learned acumen and perspective, as an exaggeration?" 

So, if and when the opposing team refuses to share any additional factual data that would otherwise provide them and other onlookers a separate view of the given case, then it can be seen that their deflectionary tactic is merely a behavior to de-stress and calm themselves, while being fully and properly aware that "their goose is cooked."  

Furthermore, supervisors, coaches, mentors and authority figures who damage or eliminate the scruples of a person that they are able to influence, are merely clever manipulators. Inhibitions that prevents a person from doing unethical or immoral deeds, are due to the person's scrupulousness, education, experience, sensibilities, and an innate moral compass. 

Manipulating or eliminating a person's ethical concerns and personal sense of safety, by psychologically influencing them to believe that their inhibitions to commit certain deeds are an impediment to their personal, social, or professional growth, is insidious. Furthermore, manipulating conscientious individuals by harming or punishing them, through any socio-economic, religious, political, psychological, or physical methods, especially through socio-politically orchestrated techniques and strategies, is an organized and premeditated violation of the manipulated individuals' personhood. Often, said manipulations are for taking undue advantage of people's trust, labor, equities and personal properties, and much more typically, for exploiting them sexually. 

In such situations, a great number of units from the Canadian military, judiciary, law enforcement, security, secret, and social services, as well as educational, clerical, and healthcare organizations, have portrayed strong opposition or indifference, in properly acknowledging survivors of Canada's state-sponsored crimes and violations, with forceful denials adopted against providing the long-overdue justice owed to ethnic minorities, newcomers, as well as aboriginal, indigenous and First Nations peoples. Those public service units and their private contractors have continued to obstruct justice day-after-day, over the past sixteen decades! Now, what does that type of an arrogantly obtuse stance, taken up by those Canadian state-sponsored units say about the condition of Canadian cultural values and society? 

Too many Canadian public service units and their private contractors have remained cowardly, dishonorable, disgustingly unscrupulous, and utterly unrepentant for decades. It is clearly and plainly evident that they are unworthy of any awards, accolades, honors, and positions of authority attributed to them. All of their titles, ranks, and emoluments remain unearned, until and unless they fully remedy their wrongdoings via contrition and proper rectitude, in delivering satisfactory remedies owed to victims and survivors of Canada's sate-sponsored crimes against humanity.  

### Habitual Abuse of Medical Sciences and Standards by State-Sponsored Agents

If the word "depression" were replaced with the word "depletion", it would be almost immediately evident to individuals, and also to groups of people, that our lives have become unnecessarily overburdened, because certain things in our ecology and personal biology, have become depleted, and have consequently become the systematic cause for diminished or stunted, physical and mental performance. How those things came to be depleted and robbed, would further enlighten us in the path towards a method to replenish and remedy our lives, and to repair that which was lost, injured, or damaged, so as to protect it from being harmed or stolen ever again. 

Also, the concept of physical and mental performance, would make better sense, if people compared their level of daily activity to that of a dead body, and then to the activity that a person in coma can perform. In comparing "self" to every type of a person between the state of being dead, and of being an Olympic athlete at a final podium, the idea of physical and mental performance can be be made more objectively measurable. In this sense, a psychologically "depressed" person is still rather functional, compared to a person in coma, but not quite as much as the way they used to be able to function, in a healthier environment without state-sponsored violence thrust against themselves, along with better nutrition, socialization, exercise, and rejuvenating rest. 

>By the way, is a person who keeps to themselves, while in a depleted state, a bad person? Are they committing a bad deed, in protecting themselves by staying away from others, compared to the gleeful fraudsters, plunders, or rapists who had attacked them? 

The gradient of "human performance" however, isn't linear, because individuals who have daily roles like that of a military police, or an air force pilot, happen to be present in an environment which is highly supportive of that role, compared to spouses as home-makers, or school teachers, who typically live in a general purpose, indoors environment. The difference in the performance level of a public school teacher and an air force pilot, is drastically large and non-linear, mainly because the difference in investment put into their training and workplace, by government based societies, is drastically large and non-linear. 

It is not possible for an organism to exist without a suitable habitat and without a healthy ecological setting. Organisms do not adapt to scarcity; biological evolution only adapts to whatever is abundantly available. If we as human beings had adapted to scarcity, our biology would have been more dependent on gaseous oxides of sulfur, phosphorous, and O3 (ozone), instead of abundant oxygen and carbon in their stable, molecular forms of O2 and CO2. 

Indeed, there can be no scope for "mind space" if there isn't even a scope for "lung space." If one cannot breath in peace and in a healthy environment, then naturally, one cannot think in peace, within a toxic environment. 

In current day and age, each human being is expected to firstly adapt to exploitation, violence, pollution, and hypocrisy, because such things have become widely abundant in the human realm. As human beings, how can we possibly go through our daily existence, without spending inordinate attention, time, and resources, into fending off exploitation, violence, pollution, and hypocrisy? 

Particularly in the context of "socially acceptable" behaviors and outlook, the cultural and moral policing of people being conducted in countries like Canada, through a clandestine state-sponsored apparatus involving judiciary, healthcare, and educational facilities, is truly appalling. The abuse of medical sciences in targeting ethnic minorities and political dissenters with labels like "psychotic", "grandiose", "depressed", or "manic", for stigmatizing and pathologizing them, aside from ridiculing and belittling them, and then, surreptitiously harming them as well as their families by depleting them of their vitality and livelihood, via pernicious medical procedures and socio-economic tort, is atrocious and deplorable, as it continues to be malicious, genocidal, and dastardly. 

So, you might wonder, if a harmful civilian had to be, or has to be dealt with, by the police; and bad cops who turn into armed bandits have to be dealt with, by the military; and bad military personnel who orchestrate a coup, have to be dealt with, by military police or special forces, then, what would a country do if its military police or special forces decided to riot? Oh, they simply never have and never will, especially in Toronto or Jerusalem, right? 

Most probably, special forces would be much more clever than rioting in person, when they could instead puppeteer others to do so. And perhaps, only God would have to deal with them. But then, couldn't also God be The One, to deal with each individual, regarding the minutest level of good or bad behavior, performed by every human individual and by their organized groups of kith and kin? Supposedly, that eventuality is called "Judgment Day." 

Humanity as a whole, is a solitary unit, within the entirety of The Universe, so why should such a unit be admitted into Heaven, with its languishing parts? There is no part of humanity that is worthy of Heaven, as long as there is any part of humanity, that is unworthy of Heaven; such is Heaven's mandate. 

Of course, the span and power of an eternity, within infinitely many universes might exist, to shape one version of humanity into its due and proper form, over a period of eons, for it to then be elevated to its final resting place, while the remaining versions of humanity in each universe, get discarded by being smashed into the nothingness of absolute oblivion. 

Which version of humanity do you suppose we are a part of? 