## Why do we tolerate draconian norms

Qatari officials have continued to provide empty updates to the India Embassy in Qatar, about the current status of the ~~eight~~ seven prisoners from India, who were imprisoned and put on death row by Qatar's judiciary system in November, 2023. The Qatari officials, through their spokesperson, have continued to stonewall against questions put forth to them, from journalists and family members of the detainees, by saying things like, "We have a set of courtroom procedures that are being followed according to our laws and penal code." That type of an answer is completely disconnected with the questions of, "Are the detainees dead or alive? If they are alive, what type of condition are they in currently?" 

To any onlooker, my previous set of articles and Tweets regarding this issue,[^1] would have sounded entirely brash and rude. Those articles and Tweets were addressed to the incumbent ruling family and government departments in Qatar. And, my manner of communicating publicly using a social media platform could have upset officials from India and Qatar alike, who have been diplomatically working to secure the release of those Indian ex-servicemen. However, the much more likely thing is that all of the types of comments and articles from individuals like me, are being ignored by the Qatari government's public relations department. 

So, is this article going to have a different tone than the previous ones? No. And it is mainly because of the following reasons:

- I am not affiliated to any privately or government-sponsored groups or departments, of any country. My opinions presented in such online articles, don't represent the views held by anyone else, nor are they formed by any kind of an endorsement or an inducement, by any organization or group of people. I get to say things, in a manner that Indian government officials will not, and most probably cannot say to foreign agencies, even if any of those officials or staffers ever needed to. They aren't pushovers, they are merely humble and considerate, especially considerate about the long-term relationships that continue to evolve between countries, which aren't supposed to be permanently defined by any single event or a conflict that arises in today's world of geopolitics. 

- Thanks to Canadian agents who defiled my home in Kitchener, who then tortured me while I was detained by them on false charges of me being "a menace to society", who then caused the death of my child and destruction of my relationships; I get to now speak more openly about the types of dastardly activities which, have continued to be carried out against targeted communities and individuals, within institutes that pretend to be august and just.[^2] 

Are the human rights violations being committed in Qatar by state-sponsored institutes particularly different than the ones being committed by those in Canada? Their ongoing violations against vulnerable and poor people are almost the same: individuals of a particular ethnic or a religious background, end up getting targeted using fabricated charges, and then taken to a jail or a make-shift detention facility, where the detainees are administered different forms of "behavior modification", and "'enhanced' interrogations." Following the various forms of torment and torture, if the detainees are killed or permanently debilitated, all of the violators remain indemnified via official statutes. Those indemnified violators are given salaries, protection, and training by their "sovereign" employers, so that they can repeatedly inflict the same type of harms onto the next batch of profiled and targeted persons, using government based mechanisms. 

The difference between the way state-sponsored crimes against humanity are committed in Canada, compared to those in Qatar, is only in the way Canadian institutes try to hide behind a mask of humanitarianism and modernity, while those in countries like Qatar don't need to hide, behind anything, because capital punishment as well as mutilations, especially of women, are entirely normalized in those countries via "customs and traditions." 

Qatar would like to be seen as a modern country with a progressive outlook in all other areas of civic life, except for the part where non-Muslims and migrant workers are involved. Similarly, Canada would like to be the country that champions and promotes "The Human Rights Charter", except for the part where non-Christians, indigenous peoples, and migrant workers are involved. Sad, isn't it? It is woefully pathetic! 

However, would things have been different for Canadians and Qatari people in India, if any of them were to be picked up by right-wing nationalists for being members of a community who slaughter and eat cows? No, things would have been similarly tragic, because India would like to be seen as the world's largest democracy with a booming economy, except for the part where non-Hindus, *Dalits,* and migrant workers from Nepal or Bangladesh are involved. 

How about Israel? Sure, Israel's tourism department and chambers of industry and commerce, would certainly like local as well as international people to invest in their country, except, for anything that has to do with Palestinians and migrant workers from Jordan, Yemen, or Syria. 

Do you see something in common among these countries? Are they somehow the exception compared to other countries of the world? No, they aren't. Pick any country in any of the populated continents and you will witness the same trend. They all want to be seen as the best country in the world, for something or the other, but they happen to be regressive and medieval when it comes to religion, women's rights, aboriginal or tribal peoples, and migrant workers. 

Being pathologized or criminalized, to then be killed or maimed via pernicious or outright violent techniques used by state-sponsored agents, isn't surprising news anymore. It is the most routine thing that simply keeps happening, under the watchful eyes of judiciary and collegiate organizations. 

In fact, First World countries like to come up with things like ["Gini Index"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gini_coefficient) or rankings for livability, in which they rank themselves higher than the countries they ruined via colonization, by saying that the surreptitious and genocidal activities undertaken by their government bodies, are less frequent, than those in Third World countries. That, of course, isn't a worthwhile consolation.  

Here, I'd like to say a few more words about consolations, considerations, and concessions during negotiations, especially in the context of the actual prisoners' dilemma faced by death row inmates in Qatar. 

Suggesting to Indian officials during negotiations that, of the ~~eight~~ seven Indian navy veterans, half can be killed and the other half can be released, isn't called "break-even analysis." It is still problematic, wrongful, and hurtful, given that India has had no business being in bed with Israel's spy agencies, to then have commanded its veterans to secretly steal classified or secret information from Qatar's military, while having those veterans pose as consultants and contractors to the Qatari Ministry of Defense. Those veterans aren't "scoundrels." Rater, they still are, and have always been, honest and good people. They have already been exploited for their earnest and good work by Qatari agencies and their Western consultants, so trying to "get rid of them", for something they shouldn't have seen or heard as per a Qatari tribunal's point of view, is still woefully wrong and permanently damaging to humanity as a whole. 

>More often than not, a dilemma poses a condition wherein, "you are damned if you do, and damned if you don't", abide by local customs and circumstances. 

Seldom is a so-called dilemma,[^3] a discrete, binary decision, with straight forward values of mutually exclusive pay offs for different, expected outcomes. Here is a more simplified example, imagine a gun on the table with a single bullet loaded into it, the interrogator and the prisoner sit freely at the table, with the gun at an arm's reach of each person at the table. The first one to reach for the gun and to grab it, can shoot themselves or the other. Alternatively, each can do nothing. Is the given situation a trilemma, or a dilemma? Yes, [trilemma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trilemma#In_law) is a correct grammatical and mathematical terminology. So, is the example a trilemma, with three categorically separate conditions of: garbing the gun and shooting the other, versus shooting self, versus doing nothing? Or is it a dilemma, with two categorically separate conditions of: grabbing the gun versus doing nothing. Could there be, yet another option, where one uses "the force", to make the other person at the table, use the gun, in the manner required by circumstances, such as, spending the bullet by shooting it into the ceiling. In each passing moment, the very same terms and conditions are presented to the people sitting at the table, over and over again. How long do you suppose the situation would remain at some kind of a "stalemate?"

So, while the objective of India's Ministry of External Affairs might have been to rescue all of the Indian veterans on death row in Qatar, mine is to also figure out what to do about the women and youth that are currently in the same tragic situation as those veterans, apart from the future ones who will keep getting put to death in Qatar for a variety of reasons. Poor foreigners who were maids, construction workers, orphaned youth, and other vulnerable people like the elderly, have similarly been languishing in Qatar's prison system, due to farcical charges made up against them. Many of them haven't had a way to reach out to their governments, and most of them aren't politically valuable enough for being rescued by their respective embassies. 

One of the reasons I started to look into these types of issues within Qatar, was due to a newspaper article about the sister of one of the imprisoned Indian veterans, which talked about how she and her family were suffering because their petitions to learn about the status of their family member, were being ignored or stonewalled by Qatari officials. 

The other reason is that whenever my engineering designs stolen via North American entities in Canada and the US, end up being utilized in a defense or a communications system, and then sold to countries like Qatar, especially designs and technologies related to submarines or unmanned vehicles, I get a curious little notification about the location of those items, from my artificial intelligence (AI) bots. 

As such, is it ever going to make a difference to Qatari government officials and royal family members, if one more human life is spared, or snuffed out by their hands in the name of justice? Most probably not, because they can simply replace any worker they kill for any arbitrary reason, with hundreds of more people from anywhere in the world. Sparing or rehabilitating the life of a person who ends up in their penitentiary system, clearly hasn't been their priority, because what exactly do they stand to loose, if they willfully, or through neglect, have been killing and continue to kill a number of innocent people each year, especially if those stranded people weren't even being noticed by their embassies? 

Also, what would the people of Qatar stand to gain, if they were to stop being draconian, by abolishing cruelty and capital punishment from their legal system? Would they gain any kind of a [Thawāb](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thawab) for doing so? From Whom? 

Now, is there any reason for me to be gentlemanly, with regressive authoritarian officials? Is there one for you, to be gentlemanly or lady-like with them? One might be as gentle or as abrasive as needed, when required, right? 

I suppose each of us has our own reasons for how and what we choose to do, don't we? However, is that choice truly ours, and ours alone? 

---

<div align="center">
  <p dir="rtl"><a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://translate.google.com/?sl=en&tl=ar&text=Without%20guidance%20from%20The%20Creator%2C%20what%20should%20a%20creature%20do%3F%20There%20is%20no%20power%20nor%20strength%20except%20in%20God.&op=translate>بدون توجيه من الخالق ماذا يجب أن يفعل المخلوق؟ ولا حول ولا قوة إلا بالله.</a>
</div> 


[^1]: Here are links to those articles and Tweets (naturally, Tweets aren't being called "Xs") - 

[^2]: Here are details of Canadian institutes with names and designations of their members and affiliates, who have continued to commit serial acts of cheating, thefts, harassment, molestation, murder, or other forms of harms against targeted individuals, using pernicious and systematic methods (Qatar, may Allah al-Azeem help your institutes become better than those of the pretentious hypocrites in the world) - https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities#blowing-the-whistle-on-canadas-ongoing-crimes-against-humanity-and-marginalised-groups

[^3]: Here is one of the better explanations about how "tit-for-tat policies" have come to be rationalized as being "the best strategy", due to the ideas being pushed by Western consulting companies and universities. The elucidation is from a world renowned, and trustworthy Canadian author of research based multimedia content, whose name and face, is likely to be on the front page cover, of a future edition of Maclean's magazine - ["What The Prisoner's Dilemma Reveals About Life, The Universe, and Everything" by Dr. Derek A. Muller, Veritasium, YouTube, 2023-12-23.](https://youtu.be/mScpHTIi-kM)

    The linchpin in all of the research about Prisoners' Dilemma conducted by numerous research teams working on Game Theoretic Models, throughout the world for the past three decades, is the *assumption* that non-idiomatic discrete options with significantly different, unambiguously discernible, and guaranteed values of pay outs exist, for mutually exclusive *expected* outcomes, in a dilemma. But, they usually don't. Multi-lemmas can be incredibly difficult to parse, let alone, solve towards an equitable outcome, for all parties involved. 